== Strip Control Chars

At the lower end of the ASCII range are a few control characters that are
generally innocent but useless. Often benign, they sometimes jump out and bite
you when you're trying to do something simple like generate some XML.

If you model doesn't need them, then remove them before they even make it into
your database.

=== Examples

  class Product < ActiveRecord::Base
    strip_control_chars!
  end

  class Product < ActiveRecord::Base
    strip_control_chars!, :except => :title
  end

  class Product < ActiveRecord::Base
    strip_control_chars!, :only => :description
  end

=== Installation

1. On rails 2.3

  * gem install strip_control_chars
  * add the following to your environment.rb

    config.gem 'strip_control_chars', version => "1.0"

2. On rails 3

  * gem install strip_control_chars
  * add the following to your Gemfile

    gem 'strip_control_chars', ">=2.0"

=== Compatibility

On rails 2.x you must use version 1.x of this gem. On rails 3.x you must use
version 2.x of this gem.

=== Caveats

The translation is done with raw bytes. If you happen to be using anything other than
UTF-8 in your models, you're likely to munge data.

This also means it's almost certainly not ruby 1.9 compatible. Patches welcome.

=== Credits

This plugin is essentially a fork of the strip attributes plugin, released
under the MIT License by Ryan McGeary.

http://github.com/rmm5t/strip_attributes

=== License

Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Ryan McGeary released under the MIT license
Copyright (c) 2009 James Healy released under the MIT license

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License
